'Rusters'. The corrosive action of palmar sweat: I. Sodium chloride in sweat.
Inflammatory middle ear diseases in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Precipitating antibodies against Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis ss. thetaiotaomicron and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in serum from normal persons and cystic fibrosis patients, determined by means of crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, small intestinal dysfunction and protein intolerance. A chance occurrence or a connection?.
Increased intracranial pressure in infants with cystic fibrosis [letter].
Precipitating antibodies against Haemophilus influenzae and Staphylococcus aureus in sputum and serum from patients with cystic fibrosis.
IgA and IgG antibodies against surface antigens of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in sputum and serum from patients with cystic fibrosis.
Activated complement in the sputum from patients with cystic fibrosis.
Autoantibodies in serum and sputum from patients with cystic fibrosis.
Chronic obstructive lung disease.
Meconium in health and in disease.
The effect of oral zinc supplementation on plasma levels of vitamin A and retinol-binding protein in cystic fibrosis.
The fecal microflora and bile acids in children with cystic fibrosis.
Serum glycine-conjugated bile acids in pediatric hepatobiliary disorders.
Comparison of the chloride electrode and gravimetric chloride titration sweat tests.
Comparison of the errors due to the use of gauze and the use of filter paper in the gravimetric chloride titration sweat test.
Cystic fibrosis with acute hypoelectrolytemia and metabolic alkalosis in infancy.
Demineralization in cystic fibrosis detected by direct photon absorptiometry.
Psychosocial support for adults with cystic fibrosis: a group approach.
Cystic fibrosis in adults. 75 cases and a review of 232 cases in the literature.
Genetic counseling and prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis [letter].
Quantitative evaluation of the development of the exocrine pancreas in cystic fibrosis and control infants.
A comparative study of inhaled atropine sulfate and isoproterenol hydrochloride in cystic fibrosis.
The pulmonary circulation: remodeling in growth and disease. The 1978 J. Burns Amberson lecture.
Aspergillosis and atopy in cystic fibrosis.
Maximal expiratory flows after postural drainage.
Relationship between response to exercise and allergy in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Radioimmunoassay of trypsin. A new aid in the assessment of pancreatic function.
Endobronchial balloon tamponade of hemoptysis in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Antimicrobial susceptibilities of rough, smooth, and mucoid colony types of Pseudomonas isolated from cystic fibrosis patients.
Results of 10 years of screening of newborn infants for inherited metabolic diseases in the province of Limburg (Belgium).
Comparative trial of manual and mechanical percussion technique with gravity-assisted bronchial drainage in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Paediatric Research Society. Plymouth, 15 and 16 September 1978: Abstracts.
Screening for cystic fibrosis in the newborn by meconium analysis.
Pulmonary candidiasis in cystic fibrosis.
Intestinal bile salts in cystic fibrosis: studies in the patient and experimental animal.
Possible hazard of timed-release aspirin in a patient with pancreatic insufficiency.
Cystic fibrosis with brain abscess.
Cystic fibrosis and hearing loss.
Vocational development and adjustment of adolescents with cystic fibrosis.
Pharmacokinetics of azlocillin in children with cystic fibrosis.
Dying children need help too.
Cystic fibrosis: is it relevant to family practitioners?.
Inhibition of Tamm-Horsfall glycoprotein induction of alkaline phosphatase in cystic fibrosis fibroblasts by medium conditioned by normal cells.
Antibody responses to influenza virus vaccine in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Biological activities of cystic fibrosis serum. III. CF serum induced uptake of 45Ca++ by rabbit tracheal explants.
Differential concanavalin A binding of cystic fibrosis and normal liver alpha-L-fucosidase.
Enzyme immunoassay of albumin as an aid to the diagnosis of cystic fibrosis in the newborn human [proceedings].
Induction of alkaline phosphatase in cultured human fibroblasts. Comparison of normal cells and those from patients with cystic fibrosis.
Plasma membrane lipids of human diploid fibroblasts from normal individuals and patients with cystic fibrosis.
2. Theories of genetic causation in human disease.
Bronchial artery embolization in the control of massive haemoptysis.
Cystic fibrosis in adults [editorial].
New mechanical aid to physiotherapy in cystic fibrosis.
Evaluation of the forced expiration technique as an adjunct to postural drainage in treatment of cystic fibrosis.
Dying children need help too.
Nocturnal elemental diet for retarded growth in a patient with cystic fibrosis.
Lung function abnormalities in cystic fibrosis and changes during growth.
The role of nutritional status, airway obstruction, hypoxia and abnormalities in serum lipid composition in limiting exercise tolerance in children with cystic fibrosis.
One breath at a time: a family teaching program for children with cystic fibrosis.
Noninvasive radionuclide assessment of right ventricular performance in man.
In vitro susceptibility of pseudomonas to four beta-lactamantibiotics (ampicillin, cephalothin, carbenicillin, piperacillin), to four aminoglycosides (kanamycin, amikacin, gentamicin, tobramycin) and to colimycin.
Echocardiographic profiles of the long-term cardiac changes in cystic fibrosis.
Lymphocytic acid-hydrolases and response to mitogens in cystic fibrosis.
Measurement of regional lung function by tetrapolar electrical impedance plethysmography.
Evaluation of the single-breath diffusing capacity in asthma and cystic fibrosis.
Echocardiographic abnormalities in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Response to bronchial provocation and exercise in children with cystic fibrosis.
IgE mediated hypersensitivity to pancreatic extract (PE) in parents of cystic fibrosis (CF) children.
A study of erythrocyte fatty acids, adenosinetriphosphatase and acetylcholinesterase in cystic fibrosis.
Measurement of 4-hydroxyphenylacetic aciduria as a screening test for small-bowel disease.
Quality of sweat test performance in the diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.
Secretion of beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase isoenzymes by cultured cystic fibrosis fibroblasts.
Glycosidases in serum of cystic fibrosis patients.
Carboxypeptidase B activity of cultured skin fibroblasts and relationship to cystic fibrosis.
Decreased sialic acid and altered binding to lectins of purified alpha 2-macroglobulin from patients with cystic fibrosis.
Abnormal distribution of alpha-L-fucosidase in cystic fibrosis: decreased activity in serum.
Electrolytes and norepinephrine levels in blood of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Primary amniotic fluid cell, skin fibroblast and liver alpha-L-fucosidase and its relation to cystic fibrosis.
Allergy in cystic fibrosis.
Heterozygote advantage in cystic fibrosis: mosquito tests.
Deficiency of serum carboxypeptidase B-like (anaphylatoxin inactivator, carboxypeptidase N) activity in sera from patients with cystic fibrosis.
False-positive 111In-labeled leukocyte scan in cystic fibrosis.
Study of the oligosaccharide units from mucus glycoproteins of meconium from normal infants and from cases of cystic fibrosis with meconium ileus.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection: pathogenesis and therapy.
Lipids in cystic fibrosis.
Obstruction of the respiratory pathways, its evaluation by methods of functional examination of the lungs and development in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis [letter].
Clinical pharmacology in a paediatric hospital.
Protease deficiency in plasma of patients with cystic fibrosis. Reduced reaction of 4-methylumbelliferylguanidinobenzoate with plasma of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Evaluation of long term tobramycin therapy in patients with cystic fibrosis and advanced pulmonary disease.
Cystic fibrosis: decreased thermostability of alpha-mannosidase in crude extracellular fluids of patients and carriers.
Relationship between clinical conditions, radiographic findings and pulmonary functions in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Complement in cystic fibrosis.
Substance P plasma levels in pregnancy and in various clinical disorders.
The effect of serum from patients with pancreatic disease on the short circuit current of rat jejunum.
Defective cellular immunity to gram-negative bacteria in cystic fibrosis patients.
High dosage tobramycin treatment of children with cystic fibrosis. Bacteriological effect and clinical ototoxicity.
The immotile-cilia syndrome and other ciliary diseases.
Cystic fibrosis.
Tobramycin ototoxicity. Repeated courses of high dosage treatment in children with cystic fibrosis.
Round table discussion--treatment of lower respiratory tract infections with co-trimoxazole.
Epidemiology of cystic fibrosis: a review.
The impact of grief: a retrospective study of family function following loss of a child with cystic fibrosis.
Synthesis of hemoglobin Aic and related minor hemoglobin by erythrocytes. In vitro study of regulation.
Serotypes and antibiotic susceptibilities of Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates from single sputa of cystic fibrosis patients.
Dietary problems associated with the care of chronically sick children.
Inborn errors of metabolism: the need for sugar.
Therapeutic possibilities in Pseudomonas infections.
Multiple of isolates of Pseudomonas aeruginosa with differing antimicrobial susceptibility patterns from patients with cystic fibrosis.
Summary of a workshop on infections in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Sulfhydryl-mediated depression of ciliary activity: an adverse effect of acetylcysteine.
Adult cystic fibrosis: a new therapeutic challenge for the primary care physician.
Cystic fibrosis in Northern Ireland.
Cutaneous necrotizing venulitis in patients with cystic fibrosis.
HLA determinants in families with more than one member with cystic fibrosis [letter].
Episodic arthritis in children with cystic fibrosis.
Failure to thrive, anemia, and anasarca.
Bronchial hyperreactivity in cystic fibrosis [letter].
A peroral test of pancreatic insufficiency with 4-(N-acetyl-L-tyrosyl)aminobenzoic acid in children with cystic fibrosis.
The effect of cimetidine on maldigestion in cystic fibrosis.
Normal neutrophil and monocyte chemotaxis in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Hyperuricemia in cystic fibrosis [letter].
Bronchial artery embolization in cystic fibrosis; technique and long-term results.
Reliability of sweat test in cystic fibrosis [letter].
25-Hydroxycholecalciferol levels in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Reduced serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration and disordered mineral metabolism in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Atypical cystic fibrosis of the pancreas with normal levels of sweat chloride and minimal pancreatic lesions.
Noninvasive evaluation of ventricular function in cystic fibrosis.
Aminoglycoside clearance in patients with cystic fibrosis [letter].
A placebo-controlled trial of cephalexin therapy in the ambulatory management of patients with cystic fibrosis.
False positive sweat test, malnutrition, and the Mauriac syndrome.
Cystic fibrosis in two black children with sickle cell anemia.
Cystic fibrosis and malnutrition.
Preatherosclerotic aortic lesions in cystic fibrosis.
PABA-test for diagnosis of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency [letter].
Brain abscess and cystic fibrosis.
Meconium ileus: laparotomy without resection, anastomosis, or enterostomy.
The effect of histamine, metiamide and cystic fibrosis factor on the electrophysiological properties of the frog's gastric mucosa [proceedings].
The chronically ligated submandibular salivary duct of the rabbit as a possible model for cystic fibrosis [proceedings].
Sweat tests [letter].
The sweat test for cystic fibrosis [letter].
Immunoreactive serum trypsin in diseases of the pancreas.
Differential pathology of nasal polyps in cystic fibrosis and atopy.
Sensitive trypsin assay for dried-blood specimens as a screening procedure for early detection of cystic fibrosis.
Detection of cystic fibrosis with plasma hydrolases [letter].
Dried blood spot screening for cystic fibrosis [letter].
Age dependence of serum angiotensin-converting enzyme activity [letter].
Methylumbelliferyl-guanidinobenzoate reactive proteases and prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis [letter].
Screening for cystic fibrosis [letter].
Serum-angiotensin-converting-enzyme in chronic granulomatous disease [letter].
Dried-blood spot screening for cystic fibrosis in the newborn.
Allergy and bronchial hyperreactivity in cystic fibrosis [editorial].
Serum-immunoreactive-trypsin concentrations in cystic fibrosis [letter].
Methylumbelliferyl-guanidinobenzoate reactive proteases in amniotic fluid: possible marker for cystic fibrosis [letter].
Plasma hydrolases in cystic fibrosis [letter].
Mechanical chest physiotherapy [editorial].
Detection of cystic fibrosis homozygotes and heterozygotes with plasma [letter].
Arginine esterase in amniotic fluid: possible marker for cystic fibrosis [letter].
Detection of cystic fibrosis homozygotes and heterozygotes with plasma.
Differential incorporation of 3H-thymidine into DNA in cultured skin fibroblasts derived from patients with cystic fibrosis and controls.
Animal model for cystic fibrosis: pulmonary clearance of Staphylococcus aureus in mice treated with reserpine.
Increased resistance to influenza as a possible source of heterozygote advantage in cystic fibrosis.
Pathogenesis of cystic fibrosis: possible importance of alteration in epithelial surface topography.
Alkaline phosphatase induction in cystic fibrosis fibroblasts [letter].
Improved survival of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Alkaline phosphatase induction in cystic fibrosis fibroblasts [letter].
The short-term effects of chest physiotherapy on lung function tests in children with cystic fibrosis.
Effect of four physiotherapy schedules on pulmonary function in children with cystic fibrosis.
Relationship between clinical conditions, chest radiographic findings and respiratory function tests in cystic fibrosis.
A new percussion aid for cystic fibrosis patients.
The mechanism of autogenic drainage studied with flow volume curves.
Intestinal lactase deficiency in newborns with cystic fibrosis--dietary consequences.
Ultrastructure of the bronchial epithelium in children with cystic fibrosis.
Recent research in cystic fibrosis.
Relevance of second messengers in cystic fibrosis.
Trace element malabsorption in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency.
Prostaglandins and cystic fibrosis.
Operational definition of cystic fibrosis. I.
Alpha-glucosidase in cystic fibrosis.
Postprandial total serum bile acid concentrations in cystic fibrosis.
The cystic fibrosis gene, IgE and IgG4.
Bronchial reactivity in children with cystic fibrosis and other recurrent or chronic bronchopulmonary diseases.
Increased serum TSH response to TRH in cystic fibrosis.
Factors influencing the frequency of cystic fibrosis in South West Africa.
The effect of cystic fibrosis and non-cystic fibrosis plasma on electrophysiological responses in isolated frog gastric mucosa.
Fatty acid supplementation in cystic fibrosis.
Bronchial provocation tests in cystic fibrosis.
The local immune status in cystic fibrosis.
Complement activation and pulmonary inflammation in CF patients.
Protein, IgA, secretory IgA, IgG and electrolytes as parameters of parotid gland function in children with cystic fibrosis.
Precipitating antibodies against E. coli, B. fragilis, and P. aeruginosa in CF patients and normal persons determined by means of crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
Screening for cystic fibrosis in the newborn.
Sulphated glycoproteins in the pancreas.
An evaluation of the meconium 'lactase test' for the detection of cystic fibrosis in the newborn.
Two children with cystic fibrosis and myocardial fibrosis.
Chemical comparison of normal and cystic fibrosis meconium: a quantitative and qualitative analysis of carbohydrate splitting enzymes.
The use and abuse of antibiotics, including in management of pulmonary manifestations in cystic fibrosis.
Long-term tobramycin therapy in patients with cystic fibrosis and advanced pulmonary disease.
Bioavailability of oral antibiotics in cystic fibrosis.
Progress in screening.
Diagnosing cystic fibrosis in adults [letter].
Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Weekly clinicopathological exercises. Case 8-1979.
Mitochondrial calcium uptake and oxygen consumption in cystic fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis and erroneous sweat tests.
Cystic fibrosis: a disease of unknown causes.
Prone immersion physical exercise therapy in three children with cystic fibrosis: a pilot study.
Anemia, hypoproteinemia and edema in an infant with cystic fibrosis.
Serum vitamin D and related mineral metabolism in cystic fibrosis.
The pyridine scale for clinical measurement of olfactory threshold: a quantitative reevaluation.
Cystic fibrosis in adults: an autopsy study.
Invited review. The technique and scope of electron-probe X-ray analysis in pathology.
Genetic aspects of pediatric lung disease.
Perspectives in cystic fibrosis.
Increased heparin binding in cystic fibrosis: a reflection of altered glycoprotein biosynthesis?.
The chronically reserpinized rat as an animal model for cystic fibrosis: I. Acute effect of isoproterenol and pilocarpine upon pulmonary lavage fluid.
Altered polyamine metabolism in cystic fibrosis.
Chronically reserpinized rat as a model for cystic fibrosis: Na+ transport inhibitory effect in submaxillary saliva.
Evidence against a specific effect of serum from patients with cystic fibrosis on sodium-dependent glucose transport in the rat jejunum.
Altered intracellular calcium in fibroblasts from patients with cystic fibrosis and heterozygotes.
Anomalous alpha 2-macroglobulin-protease complexes in cystic fibrosis: decreased uptake of the complexes by fibroblasts in culture.
Inhibitory effect of cystic fibrosis serum on pseudomonas phagocytosis by rabbit and human alveolar macrophages.
Serum ciliotoxic activity in mutant mice with some hereditary alterations resembling cystic fibrosis.
Binding of 125I-labeled proteinases to plasma proteins in cystic fibrosis.
Serum salivary amylase in cystic fibrosis [letter].
Development of an improved tracheal explant bioassay for the detection of the ciliary dyskinesia factor in cystic fibrosis serum.
Laser light-scattering spectroscopy: preliminary results on bioassay of cystic fibrosis factor(s).
Cystic fibrosis serum effect on the short circuit current of rat jejunum.
Detection of cystic fibrosis protein by isoelectric focusing of serum [letter].
Cystic fibrosis protein, a confirmed diagnostic marker for detecting heterozygote carriers: significance in relation to future screening and to a proposed primary defect in alpha 2-macroglobulin.
Serum factor in cystic fibrosis: correlation with clinical parameters.
Intravenous linoleic acid supplementation in children with cystic fibrosis.
The chest roentgenogram in cystic fibrosis: a new scoring system.
Negative effects of oral fatty acid supplementation on sweat chloride in cystic fibrosis.
Hypoelectrolytemia and metabolic alkalosis in infants with cystic fibrosis.
Multifocal myocardial necrosis and fibrosis in pancreatic diseases of children.
Vitamin E: where do we stand?.
Metabolic alkalosis in infants with cystic fibrosis [letter].
An evaluation of the forced expiration technique as an adjunct to postural drainage.
A rapid procedure for the large scale purification of elastase and cathepsin G from human sputum.
Mitrochondrial NADH dehydrogenase in cystic fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis: potential management through manipulation of the secretory process in affected exocrine glands.
Changing patterns of genetic counseling in a cystic fibrosis center.
New test to detect carriers of gene for cystic fibrosis [news].
Cystic fibrosis--its surgical presentation.
Chemotherapy of chronic infections with mucoid Pseudomonas aeruginosa in lower airways of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Proteins in bronchial secretion of children with chronic pulmonary diseases. I. Relation to clinical diagnosis.
Proteins in bronchial secretion of children with chronic pulmonary diseases. II. Relation to bronchoscopic and bronchographic examination.
Killing of fibroblasts by dexamethasone or dibutyryl adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate is not a valid test for cystic fibrosis.
Premature senescence in cultured skin fibroblasts from subjects with cystic fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis in adolescents and young adults.
Implications of cystic fibrosis for health services and the afflicted.
Cystic fibrosis: diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis.
Distal splenorenal shunt for decompression of portal hypertension in children with cystic fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis: review of investigations of the mucociliary inhibitor.
"Small airways disease" in children: no test is best.
Detection of a lectin in the blood of cystic fibrosis homozygotes and heterozygotes.
Deficiencies of essential fatty acids and vitamin E in cystic fibrosis.
